README.md, before:

README document
General project documentation is to be compiled as a single markdown file named README.md. This file should contain,

A link (URL) to your published portfolio website
A link to your GitHub repo
Description of your portfolio website, including,
Purpose
Functionality / features
Sitemap
Screenshots
Target audience
Tech stack (e.g. html, css, deployment platform, etc)

All files linked by the README.md file must be included in a folder named docs. All resources included in this folder must be in either png, jpeg, pdf, or markdown (md) format	

*** this relates to images you are including on the read me doc.

# MICHAEL DART - T1A2 - PORTFOLIO ASSIGNMENT
<br>
<br>

## ONLINE LINES

### Netlify 
You can access my website via [My Netlify]{https://app.netlify.com/teams/mdart86/overview}
<br>
<br>

### Git Hub
To see my remote respository - please go to [My GitHub Repository]{https://github.com/mdart86/Michael-Dart_T1A2}
<br>
<br>

## ABOUT THE WEBSITE

### Purpose
A comprehensive but short insight into me and who I am as a person. Showing my work history and what made me to get into Coding. My blogs page introduces you to what I have been involved in so far in my journey, which has just started.
<br>
<br>

### Functionality and Features
As a portfolio website, I have kept the functionality as simple as possible with only 4 pages.<br>
Across all pages, the following areas will appear:<br>
- Header
- Navigation Bar
- Footer
<br>
<br>

#### The Header
The header features a title complete with a background and curved edges. Sitting behind the title is a header image
<br>
<br>

#### The Navigation Bar
The navigation bar is a single line bar with 4 titles leading to each page of the website. An active colour and bold font identifies which page you're currently on.
<br>
<br>

#### The footer
The footer is shown across all pages and shows the copyright information.
<br>
<br>



## TECH STACK
To develop my site, I used the following:
- Balsamiq (for Wireframes)
- HTML and CSS (in VS Code)
- GitHub (for remote repository)
- Netlify (for publishing)
- Microsoft Powerpoint (for Slidedeck presentation)
- Lucidchart (for Sitemap)

## SITEMAP

Commit message:

target blank update to ensure new tab is opened each time

README.md, after:

README document
General project documentation is to be compiled as a single markdown file named README.md. This file should contain,

A link (URL) to your published portfolio website
A link to your GitHub repo
Description of your portfolio website, including,
Purpose
Functionality / features
Sitemap
Screenshots
Target audience
Tech stack (e.g. html, css, deployment platform, etc)

All files linked by the README.md file must be included in a folder named docs. All resources included in this folder must be in either png, jpeg, pdf, or markdown (md) format	

*** this relates to images you are including on the read me doc.

# MICHAEL DART - T1A2 - PORTFOLIO ASSIGNMENT
<br>
<br>

## REMOTE CONNECTIONS

### Netlify 
You can access my website via [My Netlify]{https://app.netlify.com/teams/mdart86/overview} &&& UPDATE THE LINK&&&
<br>
<br>

### Git Hub
To see my remote respository - please go to [My GitHub Repository]{https://github.com/mdart86/Michael-Dart_T1A2}
<br>
<br>

## ABOUT THE WEBSITE

### Purpose
A comprehensive insight into me and who I am as a person, showcasing my work and study history, what got me into coding and my coding journey so far with some projects I have embarked on.
<br>
<br>

### Functionality and Features
As a portfolio website, I have kept the functionality as simple as possible with only 4 pages.<br>
A uniformed layout is noticeable across the website, the simplified layout includes:
- Header
- Navigation Bar
- Body
- Footer
<br>
<br>

#### The Header
The header features a title complete with a background and curved edges. Sitting behind the title is a header image
<br>
<br>

#### The Navigation Bar
The navigation bar is a single line bar with 4 titles leading to each page of the website. An active colour and bold font identifies which page you're currently on.
<br>
<br>

#### The footer
The footer is shown across all pages and shows the copyright information.
<br>
<br>

### Screenshots


### Target Audience
I am targeting industry professionals who are looking for a junior web developer with rich life experience who wants to progress past an entry level employment status.

## TECH STACK
To develop my site, I used the following:
- Balsamiq (for Wireframes)
- HTML and CSS (in VS Code)
- Images - Created or captured by me and externally sourced (credits are referenced in the footer of the pages where these images exist)
- GitHub (for remote repository)
- Netlify (for deploying)
- Microsoft Powerpoint (for Slidedeck presentation)
- Lucidchart (for Sitemap)

## SITEMAP
